PRIVACY & POLICY

At Movieflix watch movie we recognize that privacy is significant. This Privacy Policy applies to all apps (Android & IOS) under the publisher name of Movieflix watch movie. We has created this Policy to explain our privacy practices so you can understand what information about you is collected, used and disclosed. We collect information from you in order to provide corresponding service and better user experience. With your consent of this Privacy Policy, your usage, statistics, input while using our apps would be collected.

Information Collection and Use


    Generally. We may collect personal information from our users in order to provide you with a personalized, useful, and efficient experience. The categories of information we collect can include Social network's personal information and device's gallery pictures.

    Non-personal identification. We may collect non-personal identification information about installed applications, application usage information, and device information. The information you give us, for example, when you give us your opinions on our application and services via our feedback channel, such as your email address, and names.

    We may collect your non-personal information and use them for our market and promotion purposes, for example, we may promote or recommend more relevant apps to you.

    We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of our Apps, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as sending you email messages and push notifications. We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of our apps, technical and security notices). We use permission like GET_ACCOUNTS, READ_PROFILE, READ_CONTACTS, WRITE_CONTACTS, CAMERA.


Personal Information. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.


Non-Personal Information. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).
We do not disclose your non-personal information for promotional purposes.


EU USER CONSENT POLICY

We include certain disclosures to users in the European Economic Area (EEA) & obtain their consent to use cookies or other local storage, where legally required, and to use personal data (such as AdID) to serve ads. This policy reflects the requirements of the EU ePrivacy Directive and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

We ask about permission of users which are in EEA(European Economic Area) to display ads like PERSONALIZE/NON-PERSONALIZE.

Learn about EU User Consent Policy :

    EU User Consent Policy


PRIVACY POLICY OF THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS USED BY THE APP

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request is retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

    Google Play Services
    AdMob
    Firebase Analytics


HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION

We may use your information only for serving you better as below:

    To personalize user experience
    To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and develop our services;
    We may collect your non-personal information and use them for market and promotion purpose, for example, we may promote or recommend more relevant apps to you.

We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of our Apps, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages and push notifications. We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of our apps, technical and security notices).


HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE DISCLOSED

    Personal Information. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
    Non-Personal Information. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).
    We may disclose your non-personal information for promotion purpose to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws.


THIRD- PARTY SITES

In general, the Applications, the Services and the Site access third party information (such as your Facebook account information) through application interfaces. We may provide links to third-party Web sites, such as Facebook, as a service to our Users. The Site may also carry advertisements from other companies. When you click on links of third parties in an Application, the Services or the Site, you may leave the Application, the Services or the Site. Some of these third party sites may be co-branded with our name/logo or our affiliated entity's name/logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Websites does not imply endorsement of such third party Website by us
USERS WITH WHOM YOU SHARE YOUR INFORMATION

We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do not, control the information you share with other Users using an Application, the Services or the Site (including via Forums) or how such other Users will use or share such information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures.


SECURITY

We are very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that no security measures that we take to protect your information is absolutely guaranteed to avoid unauthorized access or use of your Non-Personal Information which is impenetrable.


SENSITIVE INFORMATION

We ask that you not send us, and you not to disclose, any sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, sexual orientation, criminal background or membership in past organizations, including trade union memberships) on or through an Application, the Services or the Site or otherwise to us.


Log Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

    To facilitate our Service;

    To provide the Service on our behalf;

    To perform Service-related services; or

    To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Contact Us

Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, we will post any privacy policy changes on this page, so please review it periodically. We may provide you additional forms of notice of modifications or updates as appropriate under the circumstances.

If you do not agree to any modifications to this Policy, your sole recourse is to immediately stop all use of all Applications, the Services, and the Site. Your continued use of any Application, the Services, or the Site following the posting of any modifications to this Policy will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. Please note that none of our employees or agents has the authority to vary any of our Policies.


If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at Yugdudhat21@gmail.com
